all right what am i eating this week
always got my bananas some ripe organic
bananas here and some non ripe in the
back again I want to stress I don't do
one big shopping haul per week but they
live right around the corner from Whole
Foods and another vegetarian non-gmo
store so you see a lot of people with
massive amounts of foods in their food
halls I just I'll go you know every day
if I need to so just keep in mind I
don't shop once a week so this is not
one week's worth of food of course I'm
gonna be going throughout the week so
always got my bananas ready to go got
the strawberry papaya as a local
strawberry papayas here a couple of
these are ripe couple need a day or two
again the store across the street if you
watched my last video has these in stock
all the time and they reuse it within a
day or so of being ripe if not ready
right I love my mango it's very
expensive here but so I got these Kent
Organic Kent mangoes these are from Peru
don't really have any mangos in Hawaii
right now
these are tasting awesome though got a
little bit of I think I got three or
four under here cara cara oranges I got
from Whole Foods not really impressed to
be honest they weren't very juicy so I
didn't buy any more I'll see how these
are I just tend to think me a lot of the
oranges I got a hair just picked too
early not big fans of it these are the
key organic Kiwis haven't even had
anything yet they're starting to soften
up now I bought these I think I just
bought them in my last video so I'll
probably have those today or tomorrow
some of those let's see what else like
right if you watched my just did a video
reading labels this is the courier I was
mentioning in that video that I'll use
in a you know a rice and lentil curry
cuz I got some local kale here local
kale
from a farm here in Hawaii certified
organic kale got a little bit of
cilantro here got the awesome organic
Manoa lettuce cucumber purple Okinawan
local sweet potatoes got some broccoli
here some lentils
I mean legumes lately they they digest
great for me I think people just get
freaked out by if you all look at all
the blue zones on the planet
they all eat legumes they're very high
in fiber and some of the longest living
Society to eat eat legumes so I like
lentils I will use black beans when I
make like a my burrito bowl that I have
sometimes but I've been doing lentils
with some organic sushi rice and this
sauce here and then I'll throw some
steam some kale up on there and some
broccoli and sugar snap peas I don't
have any of those today but I'll pick
them up probably tomorrow that's some
organic brown rice the local
fresh-squeezed Oh Jay I have I just had
about 16 ounces of snack got some celery
this is uh hasn't ripened yet this is an
egg fruit I got at the farmers market if
you saw the video I went to it Liz
that's not right good I've never tried
that so I only got one of those got some
organic avocados here these are the
organic dates I keep in the fridge I got
about ten more of these twelve more of
these in the fridge haven't been eating
a lot of dates lately just cuz I had
some other fruits I've been into like
the papaya as a mango a little bit of I
bought this bag probably a month ago I
just wanted to show you how little nuts
that eat I might have one or two of
these in the night a couple times a week
I feel like if they're awesome though
top of my banana ice cream is the other
day one of those got a snack here of
organic blueberries these are too
expensive to eat in abundance it's like
$7.99 for one thing so this would be
like a 200 calories snack
that so that's about it so lots of fruit
always do my fruit for breakfast and
lunch and then I'll usually do kind of a
mcdougal style dinner you know which
starches either potatoes or rice and the
goons if I feel like it have salad or
I'll steamed up a bunch of kale and put
it in there so I'm always getting my
greens in always getting my fruit in
healthiest foods on the planet and then
I'll substitute with some starches as
well so I'm just having these
blueberries that just showed you if as a
snack it's only about 180 calories of
blueberries had some mangoes for
breakfast had a little bit of OJ now I'm
gonna enjoy some blueberries let me know
if you like these type of videos where I
show you what I eat in a week
we're during a week like I mentioned the
last time I tend to eat a lot of the
same things for a week or two then I
might switch it up so I have a lot of
the same staples though that'll eat all
the time but please let me know what you
want to see more type of videos leave
your questions below I will be doing
some more Q&A videos so please leave
your questions if you have any in this
video here and I'll answer them in a
video soon thanks for watching guys
we'll talk to you soon